---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sopsage_encrypted_data Resource - sopsage"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Encrypts content using SOPS with age encryption.
---

# sopsage_encrypted_data (Resource)

Encrypts content using SOPS with age encryption.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sopsage_encrypted_data" "test" {
  format  = "yaml"
  content = yamlencode({ foo = "bar" })
  age_public_keys = [
    "age1c2cnfzjfeswsydufz4tcrs46zqpmnz9t3dwz5uaef5yl3qnzaptqy88dl7"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `age_public_keys` (List of String) List of age public keys to encrypt with.
- `content` (String) The content to encrypt.
- `format` (String) The format of the content (json, yaml, etc.).

### Optional

- `encrypted_comment_regex` (String) Encrypted comment regex
- `encrypted_regex` (String) Encrypted regex, defaults to "". Cannot use more than one of encrypted_suffix, unencrypted_suffix, encrypted_regex, unencrypted_regex, encrypted_comment_regex, or unencrypted_comment_regex in the same file.
- `encrypted_suffix` (String) Encrypted suffix, defaults to "". Cannot use more than one of encrypted_suffix, unencrypted_suffix, encrypted_regex, unencrypted_regex, encrypted_comment_regex, or unencrypted_comment_regex in the same file.
- `unencrypted_comment_regex` (String) Unencrypted comment regex, defaults to "". Cannot use more than one of encrypted_suffix, unencrypted_suffix, encrypted_regex, unencrypted_regex, encrypted_comment_regex, or unencrypted_comment_regex in the same file.
- `unencrypted_regex` (String) Unencrypted regex, defaults to "". Cannot use more than one of encrypted_suffix, unencrypted_suffix, encrypted_regex, unencrypted_regex, encrypted_comment_regex, or unencrypted_comment_regex in the same file.
- `unencrypted_suffix` (String) Unencrypted suffix, defaults to "". Cannot use more than one of encrypted_suffix, unencrypted_suffix, encrypted_regex, unencrypted_regex, encrypted_comment_regex, or unencrypted_comment_regex in the same file.

### Read-Only

- `encrypted` (String) The encrypted content in SOPS format.
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource.
